README.md, before:

# Terraform AWS Template Automation Module

This Terraform module deploys a template automation solution using AWS Lambda and API Gateway. It provides a serverless architecture for automating template creation and management.

## Features

- Serverless API endpoint via API Gateway
- Python-based Lambda function deployment
- Secure IAM roles and permissions
- Configurable environment variables
- CORS configuration for API Gateway
- Customizable resource naming via prefix

## Usage

```hcl
module "template_automation" {
  source = "github.com/djaboxx/terraform-aws-template-automation"

  name_prefix = "my-automation"
  
  # GitHub configuration
  github_api_url            = "https://api.github.com"
  github_org_name           = "my-org"
  template_repo_name        = "my-template-repo"
  template_config_file      = "config.json"
  github_commit_author_name = "Template Automation"
  github_commit_author_email = "automation@example.com"
  template_topics           = "infrastructure,template"
  
  # GitHub token configuration
  github_token = {
    secret_name = "github/token"
    # token     = "your-token-here"  # Optional: Provide directly (not recommended for production)
  }
  
  # Lambda configuration
  lambda_config = {
    create_zipfile = true
    source_path    = "../template_automation"  # Path to your Lambda source code
    runtime        = "python3.9"
    memory_size    = 256
    timeout        = 300
    
    # Alternative options for deployment package:
    # Option 1: Use pre-built zip file
    # create_zipfile = false
    # zip_path      = "path/to/function.zip"
    
    # Option 2: Use S3-hosted deployment package
    # create_zipfile = false
    # s3 = {
    #   bucket         = "my-lambda-bucket"
    #   key            = "lambda/template-automation.zip"
    #   object_version = "1" # optional
    # }
  }
  
  # Parameter Store configuration 
  parameter_store_prefix = "/template-automation"
  # Additional custom parameters if needed
  ssm_parameters = {
    "ADDITIONAL_PARAM" = "custom-value"
  }

  environment_variables = {
    SECRET_NAME = "github/token"  # AWS Secrets Manager secret containing GitHub token
  }

  tags = {
    Environment = "production"
    Project     = "template-automation"
  }
}
```

## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| terraform | >= 1.0.0 |
| aws | >= 4.0.0 |

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| aws | >= 4.0.0 |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| name_prefix | Prefix to be used for resource names | `string` | n/a | yes |
| parameter_store_prefix | Prefix for SSM parameters | `string` | `/template-automation` | no |
| ssm_parameters | Additional SSM parameters to create | `map(string)` | `{}` | no |
| github_api_url | URL for the GitHub Enterprise API | `string` | `https://api.github.com` | no |
| github_org_name | GitHub organization name | `string` | n/a | yes |
| template_repo_name | GitHub repository name for the template | `string` | n/a | yes |
| template_config_file | Name of the config file to write in new repositories | `string` | `config.json` | no |
| github_commit_author_name | Name for commit author | `string` | `Template Automation` | no |
| github_commit_author_email | Email for commit author | `string` | `automation@example.com` | no |
| template_topics | Topics to assign to new repositories (comma-separated string) | `string` | `infrastructure` | no |
| github_token | GitHub token configuration object with secret_name (required) and token (optional) | `object` | n/a | yes |
| lambda_config | Lambda function configuration object | `object` | n/a | yes |
| tags | Tags to be applied to all resources | `map(string)` | `{}` | no |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| lambda_function_arn | The ARN of the Lambda function |
| lambda_function_name | The name of the Lambda function |
| api_endpoint | The URL of the API Gateway endpoint |
| api_id | The ID of the API Gateway |
| lambda_role_arn | The ARN of the IAM role used by the Lambda function |

## Architecture

This module creates:
1. An HTTP API Gateway endpoint
2. A Lambda function to handle requests
3. Necessary IAM roles and permissions
4. API Gateway integration with the Lambda function
5. CORS configuration for the API endpoint

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please feel free to submit a Pull Request.

Commit message:

Update README to clarify Lambda build process and recommend S3-hosted deployment package for Packer-built Lambda

README.md, after:

# Terraform AWS Template Automation Module

This Terraform module deploys a template automation solution using AWS Lambda and API Gateway. It provides a serverless architecture for automating template creation and management.

## Features

- Serverless API endpoint via API Gateway
- Python-based Lambda function deployment
- Secure IAM roles and permissions
- Configurable environment variables
- CORS configuration for API Gateway
- Customizable resource naming via prefix

## Lambda Build Process

This module deploys the template automation Lambda function, which is built separately in the template-automation-lambda repository using a Packer configuration file. The build process runs in GitHub Actions, creating the deployment package that this module uses.

While this module handles the deployment of the Lambda function to AWS, it relies on the pre-built Lambda package created through the Packer-based build pipeline.

## Usage

```hcl
module "template_automation" {
  source = "github.com/djaboxx/terraform-aws-template-automation"

  name_prefix = "my-automation"
  
  # GitHub configuration
  github_api_url            = "https://api.github.com"
  github_org_name           = "my-org"
  template_repo_name        = "my-template-repo"
  template_config_file      = "config.json"
  github_commit_author_name = "Template Automation"
  github_commit_author_email = "automation@example.com"
  template_topics           = "infrastructure,template"
  
  # GitHub token configuration
  github_token = {
    secret_name = "github/token"
    # token     = "your-token-here"  # Optional: Provide directly (not recommended for production)
  }
  
  # Lambda configuration
  lambda_config = {
    create_zipfile = true
    source_path    = "../template_automation"  # Path to your Lambda source code
    runtime        = "python3.9"
    memory_size    = 256
    timeout        = 300
    
    # Alternative options for deployment package:
    # Option 1: Use pre-built zip file
    # create_zipfile = false
    # zip_path      = "path/to/function.zip"
    
    # Option 2: Use S3-hosted deployment package (recommended for Packer-built Lambda)
    # create_zipfile = false
    # s3 = {
    #   bucket         = "my-lambda-bucket"
    #   key            = "lambda/template-automation.zip"
    #   object_version = "1" # optional
    # }
  }
  
  # Parameter Store configuration 
  parameter_store_prefix = "/template-automation"
  # Additional custom parameters if needed
  ssm_parameters = {
    "ADDITIONAL_PARAM" = "custom-value"
  }

  environment_variables = {
    SECRET_NAME = "github/token"  # AWS Secrets Manager secret containing GitHub token
  }

  tags = {
    Environment = "production"
    Project     = "template-automation"
  }
}
```

## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| terraform | >= 1.0.0 |
| aws | >= 4.0.0 |

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| aws | >= 4.0.0 |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| name_prefix | Prefix to be used for resource names | `string` | n/a | yes |
| parameter_store_prefix | Prefix for SSM parameters | `string` | `/template-automation` | no |
| ssm_parameters | Additional SSM parameters to create | `map(string)` | `{}` | no |
| github_api_url | URL for the GitHub Enterprise API | `string` | `https://api.github.com` | no |
| github_org_name | GitHub organization name | `string` | n/a | yes |
| template_repo_name | GitHub repository name for the template | `string` | n/a | yes |
| template_config_file | Name of the config file to write in new repositories | `string` | `config.json` | no |
| github_commit_author_name | Name for commit author | `string` | `Template Automation` | no |
| github_commit_author_email | Email for commit author | `string` | `automation@example.com` | no |
| template_topics | Topics to assign to new repositories (comma-separated string) | `string` | `infrastructure` | no |
| github_token | GitHub token configuration object with secret_name (required) and token (optional) | `object` | n/a | yes |
| lambda_config | Lambda function configuration object | `object` | n/a | yes |
| tags | Tags to be applied to all resources | `map(string)` | `{}` | no |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| lambda_function_arn | The ARN of the Lambda function |
| lambda_function_name | The name of the Lambda function |
| api_endpoint | The URL of the API Gateway endpoint |
| api_id | The ID of the API Gateway |
| lambda_role_arn | The ARN of the IAM role used by the Lambda function |

## Architecture

This module creates:
1. An HTTP API Gateway endpoint
2. A Lambda function to handle requests
3. Necessary IAM roles and permissions
4. API Gateway integration with the Lambda function
5. CORS configuration for the API endpoint

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please feel free to submit a Pull Request.
